the word which came to Jeremiah from the
the word which came to Jeremiah from the Lord arise and go down to the potter's
Lord arise and go down to the potter's
Lord arise and go down to the potter's house and there I will cause you to hear
house and there I will cause you to hear
house and there I will cause you to hear my words then I went down to the
my words then I went down to the
my words then I went down to the potter's house and there he was making
potter's house and there he was making
potter's house and there he was making something at the wheel and the vessel
something at the wheel and the vessel
something at the wheel and the vessel that he made of clay was marred in the
that he made of clay was marred in the
that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the Potter so he made it again
hand of the Potter so he made it again
hand of the Potter so he made it again into another vessel as it seemed good to
into another vessel as it seemed good to
into another vessel as it seemed good to the Potter to make then the word of the
the Potter to make then the word of the
the Potter to make then the word of the Lord came to me saying o house of Israel
Lord came to me saying o house of Israel
Lord came to me saying o house of Israel can I not do with you as this Potter
can I not do with you as this Potter
can I not do with you as this Potter says the Lord look as the clay is in the
says the Lord look as the clay is in the
says the Lord look as the clay is in the Potters hand so are you in my hand o
Potters hand so are you in my hand o
Potters hand so are you in my hand o house of Israel the instant I speak
house of Israel the instant I speak
house of Israel the instant I speak concerning a nation and concerning a
concerning a nation and concerning a
concerning a nation and concerning a kingdom to pluck up to pull down and to
kingdom to pluck up to pull down and to
kingdom to pluck up to pull down and to destroy it if that nation against whom I
destroy it if that nation against whom I
destroy it if that nation against whom I have spoken turns from its evil I will
have spoken turns from its evil I will
have spoken turns from its evil I will relent of the disaster that I thought to
relent of the disaster that I thought to
relent of the disaster that I thought to bring upon it and the instant I speak
bring upon it and the instant I speak
bring upon it and the instant I speak concerning a nation and concerning a
concerning a nation and concerning a
concerning a nation and concerning a kingdom to build and to plant it if it
kingdom to build and to plant it if it
kingdom to build and to plant it if it does evil in my sight so that it does
does evil in my sight so that it does
does evil in my sight so that it does not obey my voice
not obey my voice
not obey my voice then I will relent concerning the good
then I will relent concerning the good
then I will relent concerning the good with which I said I would benefit it now
with which I said I would benefit it now
with which I said I would benefit it now therefore speak to the men of Judah and
therefore speak to the men of Judah and
therefore speak to the men of Judah and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem thus
to the inhabitants of Jerusalem thus
to the inhabitants of Jerusalem thus says the Lord behold I am fashioning a
says the Lord behold I am fashioning a
says the Lord behold I am fashioning a disaster and devising a plan against you
disaster and devising a plan against you
disaster and devising a plan against you return now every one from his evil way
return now every one from his evil way
return now every one from his evil way and make your ways and your doings good
and make your ways and your doings good
and make your ways and your doings good and they said that is hopeless so we
and they said that is hopeless so we
and they said that is hopeless so we will walk according to our own plans and
will walk according to our own plans and
will walk according to our own plans and we will everyone obey the dictates of
we will everyone obey the dictates of
we will everyone obey the dictates of his evil heart therefore thus says the
his evil heart therefore thus says the
his evil heart therefore thus says the Lord ask now among the Gentiles who has
Lord ask now among the Gentiles who has
Lord ask now among the Gentiles who has heard such things the Virgin of Israel
heard such things the Virgin of Israel
heard such things the Virgin of Israel has done a very horrible thing will a
has done a very horrible thing will a
has done a very horrible thing will a man leave the snow water of Lebanon
man leave the snow water of Lebanon
man leave the snow water of Lebanon which comes from the rock of the field
which comes from the rock of the field
which comes from the rock of the field will the cold flowing waters be forsaken
will the cold flowing waters be forsaken
will the cold flowing waters be forsaken for strange waters because my people
for strange waters because my people
for strange waters because my people have forgotten me they have burned
have forgotten me they have burned
have forgotten me they have burned incense to worthless idols and they have
incense to worthless idols and they have
incense to worthless idols and they have caused themselves to stumble in their
caused themselves to stumble in their
caused themselves to stumble in their ways from the ancient paths to walk in
ways from the ancient paths to walk in
ways from the ancient paths to walk in pathways and not on a highway to make
pathways and not on a highway to make
pathways and not on a highway to make their land desolate and a perpetual
their land desolate and a perpetual
their land desolate and a perpetual hissing everyone who passes by it will
hissing everyone who passes by it will
hissing everyone who passes by it will be astonished and shake his head I will
be astonished and shake his head I will
be astonished and shake his head I will scatter them as with an east wind before
scatter them as with an east wind before
scatter them as with an east wind before the enemy I will show them the back and
the enemy I will show them the back and
the enemy I will show them the back and not the face in the day of their
not the face in the day of their
not the face in the day of their calamity
calamity
calamity then they said count and let us devise
then they said count and let us devise
then they said count and let us devise plans against Jeremiah for the law shall
plans against Jeremiah for the law shall
plans against Jeremiah for the law shall not perish from the priests nor counsel
not perish from the priests nor counsel
not perish from the priests nor counsel from the wise nor the word from the
from the wise nor the word from the
from the wise nor the word from the prophet come and let us attack him with
prophet come and let us attack him with
prophet come and let us attack him with the tongue and let us not give heed to
the tongue and let us not give heed to
the tongue and let us not give heed to any of his words give heed to me O Lord
any of his words give heed to me O Lord
any of his words give heed to me O Lord and listen to the voice of those who
and listen to the voice of those who
and listen to the voice of those who contend with me shall evil be repaid for
contend with me shall evil be repaid for
contend with me shall evil be repaid for good for they have dug a pit for my life
good for they have dug a pit for my life
good for they have dug a pit for my life remember that I stood before you to
remember that I stood before you to
remember that I stood before you to speak good for them to turn away your
speak good for them to turn away your
speak good for them to turn away your wrath from them
wrath from them
wrath from them therefore deliver up their children to
therefore deliver up their children to
therefore deliver up their children to the famine and pour out their blood by
the famine and pour out their blood by
the famine and pour out their blood by the force of the sword let their wives
the force of the sword let their wives
the force of the sword let their wives become widows and bereaved of their
become widows and bereaved of their
become widows and bereaved of their children let their men be put to death
children let their men be put to death
children let their men be put to death there
there
there young men be slain by the sword in
young men be slain by the sword in
young men be slain by the sword in battle let a cry be heard from their
battle let a cry be heard from their
battle let a cry be heard from their houses when you bring a troop suddenly
houses when you bring a troop suddenly
houses when you bring a troop suddenly upon them for they have dug a pit to
upon them for they have dug a pit to
upon them for they have dug a pit to take me and hidden snares for my feet
take me and hidden snares for my feet
take me and hidden snares for my feet yet lord you know all their counsel
yet lord you know all their counsel
yet lord you know all their counsel which is against me to slay me provide
which is against me to slay me provide
which is against me to slay me provide no atonement for their iniquity nor blot
no atonement for their iniquity nor blot
no atonement for their iniquity nor blot out their sin from your sight
out their sin from your sight
out their sin from your sight but let them be overthrown before you
but let them be overthrown before you
but let them be overthrown before you deal thus with them in the time of your
deal thus with them in the time of your
deal thus with them in the time of your anger